#!/bin/sh
set -e

# /usr/bin
update-alternatives --quiet --remove cal /usr/bin/cal.util-linux
update-alternatives --quiet --remove chrt /usr/bin/chrt.util-linux
update-alternatives --quiet --remove col /usr/bin/col.util-linux
update-alternatives --quiet --remove colcrt /usr/bin/colcrt.util-linux
update-alternatives --quiet --remove colrm /usr/bin/colrm.util-linux
update-alternatives --quiet --remove column /usr/bin/column.util-linux
update-alternatives --quiet --remove dmesg /usr/bin/dmesg.util-linux
update-alternatives --quiet --remove eject /usr/bin/eject.util-linux
update-alternatives --quiet --remove fallocate /usr/bin/fallocate.util-linux
update-alternatives --quiet --remove findmnt /usr/bin/findmnt.util-linux
update-alternatives --quiet --remove flock /usr/bin/flock.util-linux
update-alternatives --quiet --remove getopt /usr/bin/getopt.util-linux
update-alternatives --quiet --remove hexdump /usr/bin/hexdump.util-linux
update-alternatives --quiet --remove ionice /usr/bin/ionice.util-linux
update-alternatives --quiet --remove ipcmk /usr/bin/ipcmk.util-linux
update-alternatives --quiet --remove ipcrm /usr/bin/ipcrm.util-linux
update-alternatives --quiet --remove ipcs /usr/bin/ipcs.util-linux
update-alternatives --quiet --remove isosize /usr/bin/isosize.util-linux
update-alternatives --quiet --remove kill /usr/bin/kill.util-linux
update-alternatives --quiet --remove last /usr/bin/last.util-linux
update-alternatives --quiet --remove logger /usr/bin/logger.util-linux
update-alternatives --quiet --remove look /usr/bin/look.util-linux
update-alternatives --quiet --remove lsblk /usr/bin/lsblk.util-linux
update-alternatives --quiet --remove lscpu /usr/bin/lscpu.util-linux
update-alternatives --quiet --remove lsipc /usr/bin/lsipc.util-linux
update-alternatives --quiet --remove lslocks /usr/bin/lslocks.util-linux
update-alternatives --quiet --remove lslogins /usr/bin/lslogins.util-linux
update-alternatives --quiet --remove mcookie /usr/bin/mcookie.util-linux
update-alternatives --quiet --remove mesg /usr/bin/mesg.util-linux
update-alternatives --quiet --remove mount /usr/bin/mount.util-linux
update-alternatives --quiet --remove mountpoint /usr/bin/mountpoint.util-linux
update-alternatives --quiet --remove namei /usr/bin/namei.util-linux
update-alternatives --quiet --remove nsenter /usr/bin/nsenter.util-linux
update-alternatives --quiet --remove prlimit /usr/bin/prlimit.util-linux
update-alternatives --quiet --remove rename /usr/bin/rename.util-linux
update-alternatives --quiet --remove renice /usr/bin/renice.util-linux
update-alternatives --quiet --remove rev /usr/bin/rev.util-linux
update-alternatives --quiet --remove script /usr/bin/script.util-linux
update-alternatives --quiet --remove scriptreplay /usr/bin/scriptreplay.util-linux
update-alternatives --quiet --remove setarch /usr/bin/setarch.util-linux
update-alternatives --quiet --remove setsid /usr/bin/setsid.util-linux
update-alternatives --quiet --remove tailf /usr/bin/tailf.util-linux
update-alternatives --quiet --remove taskset /usr/bin/taskset.util-linux
update-alternatives --quiet --remove umount /usr/bin/umount.util-linux
update-alternatives --quiet --remove unshare /usr/bin/unshare.util-linux
update-alternatives --quiet --remove utmpdump /usr/bin/utmpdump.util-linux
update-alternatives --quiet --remove uuidgen /usr/bin/uuidgen.util-linux
update-alternatives --quiet --remove wall /usr/bin/wall.util-linux
update-alternatives --quiet --remove wdctl /usr/bin/wdctl.util-linux
update-alternatives --quiet --remove whereis /usr/bin/whereis.util-linux

# /usr/bin links
update-alternatives --quiet --remove i386 /usr/bin/setarch.util-linux
update-alternatives --quiet --remove lastb /usr/bin/last.util-linux
update-alternatives --quiet --remove linux32 /usr/bin/setarch.util-linux
update-alternatives --quiet --remove linux64 /usr/bin/setarch.util-linux
update-alternatives --quiet --remove uname26 /usr/bin/setarch.util-linux
update-alternatives --quiet --remove x86_64 /usr/bin/setarch.util-linux

# /usr/sbin
update-alternatives --quiet --remove addpart /usr/sbin/addpart.util-linux
update-alternatives --quiet --remove agetty /usr/sbin/agetty.util-linux
update-alternatives --quiet --remove blkdiscard /usr/sbin/blkdiscard.util-linux
update-alternatives --quiet --remove blkid /usr/sbin/blkid.util-linux
update-alternatives --quiet --remove blockdev /usr/sbin/blockdev.util-linux
update-alternatives --quiet --remove chcpu /usr/sbin/chcpu.util-linux
update-alternatives --quiet --remove ctrlaltdel /usr/sbin/ctrlaltdel.util-linux
update-alternatives --quiet --remove delpart /usr/sbin/delpart.util-linux
update-alternatives --quiet --remove fdformat /usr/sbin/fdformat.util-linux
update-alternatives --quiet --remove fdisk /usr/sbin/fdisk.util-linux
update-alternatives --quiet --remove findfs /usr/sbin/findfs.util-linux
update-alternatives --quiet --remove fsck /usr/sbin/fsck.util-linux
update-alternatives --quiet --remove fsck.cramfs /usr/sbin/fsck.cramfs.util-linux
update-alternatives --quiet --remove fsck.minix /usr/sbin/fsck.minix.util-linux
update-alternatives --quiet --remove fsfreeze /usr/sbin/fsfreeze.util-linux
update-alternatives --quiet --remove fstrim /usr/sbin/fstrim.util-linux
update-alternatives --quiet --remove hwclock /usr/sbin/hwclock.util-linux
update-alternatives --quiet --remove ldattach /usr/sbin/ldattach.util-linux
update-alternatives --quiet --remove losetup /usr/sbin/losetup.util-linux
update-alternatives --quiet --remove mkfs /usr/sbin/mkfs.util-linux
update-alternatives --quiet --remove mkfs.bfs /usr/sbin/mkfs.bfs.util-linux
update-alternatives --quiet --remove mkfs.cramfs /usr/sbin/mkfs.cramfs.util-linux
update-alternatives --quiet --remove mkfs.minix /usr/sbin/mkfs.minix.util-linux
update-alternatives --quiet --remove mkswap /usr/sbin/mkswap.util-linux
update-alternatives --quiet --remove partx /usr/sbin/partx.util-linux
update-alternatives --quiet --remove pivot_root /usr/sbin/pivot_root.util-linux
update-alternatives --quiet --remove raw /usr/sbin/raw.util-linux
update-alternatives --quiet --remove readprofile /usr/sbin/readprofile.util-linux
update-alternatives --quiet --remove resizepart /usr/sbin/resizepart.util-linux
update-alternatives --quiet --remove rtcwake /usr/sbin/rtcwake.util-linux
update-alternatives --quiet --remove sfdisk /usr/sbin/sfdisk.util-linux
update-alternatives --quiet --remove sulogin /usr/sbin/sulogin.util-linux
update-alternatives --quiet --remove swaplabel /usr/sbin/swaplabel.util-linux
update-alternatives --quiet --remove swapoff /usr/sbin/swapoff.util-linux
update-alternatives --quiet --remove swapon /usr/sbin/swapon.util-linux
update-alternatives --quiet --remove switch_root /usr/sbin/switch_root.util-linux
update-alternatives --quiet --remove uuidd /usr/sbin/uuidd.util-linux
update-alternatives --quiet --remove wipefs /usr/sbin/wipefs.util-linux
update-alternatives --quiet --remove zramctl /usr/sbin/zramctl.util-linux
