#!/bin/sh
set -e

update-alternatives --quiet --remove '[' '/xsr/bin/[.coreutils'
update-alternatives --quiet --remove base64 /usr/bin/base64.coreutils
update-alternatives --quiet --remove basename /usr/bin/basename.coreutils
update-alternatives --quiet --remove cat /usr/bin/cat.coreutils
update-alternatives --quiet --remove chcon /usr/bin/chcon.coreutils
update-alternatives --quiet --remove chgrp /usr/bin/chgrp.coreutils
update-alternatives --quiet --remove chmod /usr/bin/chmod.coreutils
update-alternatives --quiet --remove chown /usr/bin/chown.coreutils
update-alternatives --quiet --remove chroot /usr/bin/chroot.coreutils
update-alternatives --quiet --remove cksum /usr/bin/cksum.coreutils
update-alternatives --quiet --remove comm /usr/bin/comm.coreutils
update-alternatives --quiet --remove cp /usr/bin/cp.coreutils
update-alternatives --quiet --remove csplit /usr/bin/csplit.coreutils
update-alternatives --quiet --remove cut /usr/bin/cut.coreutils
update-alternatives --quiet --remove date /usr/bin/date.coreutils
update-alternatives --quiet --remove dd /usr/bin/dd.coreutils
update-alternatives --quiet --remove df /usr/bin/df.coreutils
update-alternatives --quiet --remove dir /usr/bin/dir.coreutils
update-alternatives --quiet --remove dircolors /usr/bin/dircolors.coreutils
update-alternatives --quiet --remove dirname /usr/bin/dirname.coreutils
update-alternatives --quiet --remove du /usr/bin/du.coreutils
update-alternatives --quiet --remove echo /usr/bin/echo.coreutils
update-alternatives --quiet --remove env /usr/bin/env.coreutils
update-alternatives --quiet --remove expand /usr/bin/expand.coreutils
update-alternatives --quiet --remove expr /usr/bin/expr.coreutils
update-alternatives --quiet --remove factor /usr/bin/factor.coreutils
update-alternatives --quiet --remove false /usr/bin/false.coreutils
update-alternatives --quiet --remove fmt /usr/bin/fmt.coreutils
update-alternatives --quiet --remove fold /usr/bin/fold.coreutils
update-alternatives --quiet --remove groups /usr/bin/groups.coreutils
update-alternatives --quiet --remove head /usr/bin/head.coreutils
update-alternatives --quiet --remove hostid /usr/bin/hostid.coreutils
update-alternatives --quiet --remove id /usr/bin/id.coreutils
update-alternatives --quiet --remove install /usr/bin/install.coreutils
update-alternatives --quiet --remove join /usr/bin/join.coreutils
update-alternatives --quiet --remove kill /usr/bin/kill.coreutils
update-alternatives --quiet --remove link /usr/bin/link.coreutils
update-alternatives --quiet --remove ln /usr/bin/ln.coreutils
update-alternatives --quiet --remove logname /usr/bin/logname.coreutils
update-alternatives --quiet --remove ls /usr/bin/ls.coreutils
update-alternatives --quiet --remove md5sum /usr/bin/md5sum.coreutils
update-alternatives --quiet --remove mkdir /usr/bin/mkdir.coreutils
update-alternatives --quiet --remove mkfifo /usr/bin/mkfifo.coreutils
update-alternatives --quiet --remove mknod /usr/bin/mknod.coreutils
update-alternatives --quiet --remove mktemp /usr/bin/mktemp.coreutils
update-alternatives --quiet --remove mv /usr/bin/mv.coreutils
update-alternatives --quiet --remove nice /usr/bin/nice.coreutils
update-alternatives --quiet --remove nl /usr/bin/nl.coreutils
update-alternatives --quiet --remove nohup /usr/bin/nohup.coreutils
update-alternatives --quiet --remove nproc /usr/bin/nproc.coreutils
update-alternatives --quiet --remove numfmt /usr/bin/numfmt.coreutils
update-alternatives --quiet --remove od /usr/bin/od.coreutils
update-alternatives --quiet --remove paste /usr/bin/paste.coreutils
update-alternatives --quiet --remove pathchk /usr/bin/pathchk.coreutils
update-alternatives --quiet --remove pinky /usr/bin/pinky.coreutils
update-alternatives --quiet --remove pr /usr/bin/pr.coreutils
update-alternatives --quiet --remove printenv /usr/bin/printenv.coreutils
update-alternatives --quiet --remove printf /usr/bin/printf.coreutils
update-alternatives --quiet --remove ptx /usr/bin/ptx.coreutils
update-alternatives --quiet --remove pwd /usr/bin/pwd.coreutils
update-alternatives --quiet --remove readlink /usr/bin/readlink.coreutils
update-alternatives --quiet --remove realpath /usr/bin/realpath.coreutils
update-alternatives --quiet --remove rm /usr/bin/rm.coreutils
update-alternatives --quiet --remove rmdir /usr/bin/rmdir.coreutils
update-alternatives --quiet --remove runcon /usr/bin/runcon.coreutils
update-alternatives --quiet --remove seq /usr/bin/seq.coreutils
update-alternatives --quiet --remove sha1sum /usr/bin/sha1sum.coreutils
update-alternatives --quiet --remove sha224sum /usr/bin/sha224sum.coreutils
update-alternatives --quiet --remove sha256sum /usr/bin/sha256sum.coreutils
update-alternatives --quiet --remove sha384sum /usr/bin/sha384sum.coreutils
update-alternatives --quiet --remove sha512sum /usr/bin/sha512sum.coreutils
update-alternatives --quiet --remove shred /usr/bin/shred.coreutils
update-alternatives --quiet --remove shuf /usr/bin/shuf.coreutils
update-alternatives --quiet --remove sleep /usr/bin/sleep.coreutils
update-alternatives --quiet --remove sort /usr/bin/sort.coreutils
update-alternatives --quiet --remove split /usr/bin/split.coreutils
update-alternatives --quiet --remove stat /usr/bin/stat.coreutils
update-alternatives --quiet --remove stdbuf /usr/bin/stdbuf.coreutils
update-alternatives --quiet --remove stty /usr/bin/stty.coreutils
update-alternatives --quiet --remove sum /usr/bin/sum.coreutils
update-alternatives --quiet --remove sync /usr/bin/sync.coreutils
update-alternatives --quiet --remove tac /usr/bin/tac.coreutils
update-alternatives --quiet --remove tail /usr/bin/tail.coreutils
update-alternatives --quiet --remove tee /usr/bin/tee.coreutils
update-alternatives --quiet --remove test /usr/bin/test.coreutils
update-alternatives --quiet --remove timeout /usr/bin/timeout.coreutils
update-alternatives --quiet --remove touch /usr/bin/touch.coreutils
update-alternatives --quiet --remove tr /usr/bin/tr.coreutils
update-alternatives --quiet --remove true /usr/bin/true.coreutils
update-alternatives --quiet --remove truncate /usr/bin/truncate.coreutils
update-alternatives --quiet --remove tsort /usr/bin/tsort.coreutils
update-alternatives --quiet --remove tty /usr/bin/tty.coreutils
update-alternatives --quiet --remove uname /usr/bin/uname.coreutils
update-alternatives --quiet --remove unexpand /usr/bin/unexpand.coreutils
update-alternatives --quiet --remove uniq /usr/bin/uniq.coreutils
update-alternatives --quiet --remove unlink /usr/bin/unlink.coreutils
update-alternatives --quiet --remove uptime /usr/bin/uptime.coreutils
update-alternatives --quiet --remove users /usr/bin/users.coreutils
update-alternatives --quiet --remove vdir /usr/bin/vdir.coreutils
update-alternatives --quiet --remove wc /usr/bin/wc.coreutils
update-alternatives --quiet --remove who /usr/bin/who.coreutils
update-alternatives --quiet --remove whoami /usr/bin/whoami.coreutils
update-alternatives --quiet --remove yes /usr/bin/yes.coreutils

